When user enters an url and press enter browser checks for the DNS (domine name system), the browser checks and figure out which server on the internet to connect to, so that it need an IP address for the server hosting the website, DNS have the domine name of that perticular IP address, browser checks for cache for DNS entry to find the corresponding IP address of website, for that data is cached at different layers between your browser and at various places across the internet, if the browser cannot find the IP address at any of those cache layers, if not found in cache ISP (internet service provider) DNS server initiates a DNS query which recursively call initiates to find IP address of server that hosts the domain name, this requests are sent using small data packets that contain information content of request and IP address it is destined for.

Now the browser initiates a TCP (transfer control protocol) connection with the server using SYN synchronize and acknowledge messages, many sites use CDN content delivery network to cache static and dynamic content closer to the browser which also improves the performance of the site of application bringing the content closer to users, now browser sends an HTTP request to the web server, request can be line GET, POST, PUT, DELETE etc server on the host computer handles that request and sends back a resoponse, it assembles a respose in some format like JSON, XML and HTML

server sends out an HTTPresponse alson with the status of response which displays HTML content .
In this high level components of web page are User interface, browser engine, rendering engine, Data   persistance. Parsing is analyzing and converting a program into an internal format that a runtime environment can actually run, for example the JavaScript engine inside browsers. The browser parses HTML into a DOM tree. HTML parsing involves tokenization and tree construction

When it comes to parsing web scraped HTML content, there are multiple techniques to select the data we want. For simple text parsing - various text parsing techniques like regular expression can be used. However, HTML is designed to be a machine-readable text structure - we can take advantage of this fact and use special path languages like CSS selectors to extract data in a much more efficient and reliable way. script processors- A preprocessor is a program that takes one type of data and converts it to another type of data. In the case of HTML and CSS, some of the more popular preprocessor languages include Haml and Sass. Haml is processed into HTML and Sass is processed into CSS
